---
date: 2010-12-03
author: TELETHON
email: 
site: http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=107259662675394
tags: comment
permalink: false
---

<p>THE EVENT IS CANCELLED!!! MORE INFOS TO COME ...<br />
<br />
Dear friends, artists, volunteers, athletes and people with good hearts,<br />
<br />
Due to the greed and incompetence of the people of De Hoop, it is with a broken heart and a lot of anger that we have to cancel the TELETHON Charity event.<br />
<br />
In the beginning of the week, the people in charge of &quot;Amuse Bouche&quot;(responsible for De Hoop venue) discovered that they didn't ask the police and city hall for the right agreement concerning a 24h opening. Despite the agreement we found one and a half month ago.<br />
<br />
We manage to get it by other ways.<br />
<br />
On top of that, we received an e-mail WEDNESDAY NIGHT, where those people told us that they wanted to get 90% of the money generated by food and drinks, LEAVING ONLY 10% OF THE MONEY TO THE CHILDREN!!! Cancelling the accord we had found one and a half month ago.<br />
<br />
You can understand that for us, for the 60 artists, volunteers and athletes involved in this project it wasn't acceptable.<br />
It was an insult to everything we believe in and an insult to all those kids and their families.<br />
<br />
Therefore and despite all our efforts of the two last days, we had no other option than cancelling the whole event.<br />
We cannot decently ask all those people to work for free for &quot;Amuse Bouche&quot;, leaving the charity behind.<br />
<br />
We are already working on a back up plan for mid January.<br />
So if you are still eager to help the Kids, stay tuned, we will keep you informed next week.<br />
<br />
Once again, we are really sorry for all the people who got involved in this project.<br />
But what can we do against greed and stupidity?<br />
<br />
We assume that you all understand our ETHIC and therefore the reasons of the cancellation.<br />
<br />
We'll be back to you soon with a back up plan.<br />
A clear one.<br />
Without any greedy individuals involved.<br />
<br />
For the kids.<br />
For the research against those diseases.<br />
For a certain idea of life in general.<br />
<br />
Thanks for everything<br />
<br />
The TELETHON Team</p>
---